# Generated by r6-generator-maven-plugin: remove this line and make manual changes when you come to CRAN submission

## Test environments

GitHub actions test environments:
* os: macOS Big Sur 11, R: 4.1.0, Java 11
* os: Ubuntu 20.04; R: 4.1.0, Java 11
* os: Ubuntu 20.04, R: 3.6.1, Java 8
* os: Windows Server 2022, R: 4.2.0, Java 11
* os: Ubuntu 20.04, R: 4.2.0, Java 17
* os: Ubuntu 20.04, R: devel, Java 17

## R CMD check results
# TODO: insert R CMD check results here before submission


## CRAN notes justifications

* This project contains a Java library and R code generated by the (r6-generator maven plugin)[https://github.com/terminological/r6-generator].
This generates wrapper R6 code, documentation, DESCRIPTION and NAMESPACE files, along with supporting files such as this cran-comments.md, 
github workflows. If there are specific issues with the way these files are generated please could you raise issues on the r6-generator project on the link above
so they can be fixed for all future projects.

* The Java code that is specific to the package has been compiled and is distributed with the package, but not the source code. External dependencies
from public repositories, will be fetched independently during the first use of this package, which is only possible if the java library only uses public dependencies. 
This is managed by Java's standard package management system, Maven, which is itself downloaded automatically. This reduces the need for libraries to be distributed 
with the R package, minimising the footprint of the R package, but downloading and installing the dependencies is a potential point of failure, and may take quite some time on first use of the library. 
This is mitigated as much as possible by using battle tested standard Java tooling for dependency management, which will only download libraries it has not already used.

The package download requires a working directory cache which is specified by `rappdirs::user_cache_dir` which allows us to store files that need to shared 
across R sessions in a way that aligns with the CRAN policies.

* The R6 package is a build time dependency. The note that it is unused can be safely ignored.

* This is a new release.
