# Terms and Conditions

Date of Revision. May 18, 2022
Please read these Terms carefully before using `roogledocs`. By using
`roogledocs` (the "Library"), the user ("You") has accepted these Terms of Use.
If You do not accept these Terms of Use, do not use the Library. 

We may modify all or any part of these Terms of Use from time to time and may
not provide notice to You. You are encouraged to check back often so You are
aware of your current rights and responsibilities. Your continued use of this
Library after changes to the Terms of Use have been published constitutes your
binding acceptance of the updated Terms of Use. If at any time the Terms of Use
are no longer acceptable to You, You should immediately cease all use of this
Library.

Statement of Purpose. The purpose of `roogledocs` is to allow the integration
of your analytical code running in R with your documentation held in Google Docs.

We own the copyright in the software that is made available in the Library, or
have otherwise determined that the content is available for use on the Library.
For original content in the Library, we licenses the content under the terms of
the MIT license.

Accuracy, Completeness and Timeliness of the Library. We are not responsible if
information made available in this Library is not accurate, complete or current.
The material on this Library is provided for general information only and should
not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without
consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of
information. Any reliance on the material on this Library is at your own risk.
This Library may contain certain historical information. Historical information
necessarily is not current and is provided for your reference only. We are under
no obligation to update any information in this Library.

Lawful Use Only. Your use of this Library is subject to all applicable local,
state, national and international laws and regulations. Any attempt by any
person to deliberately damage this Library is a violation of criminal and civil
laws. 
 
Indemnification. Any person or corporation using this Library agrees to defend,
indemnify and hold us harmless from and against any and all claims, losses,
liabilities and expenses (including attorneys' fees) related to your breach of
this Agreement.
 
LIMITATION ON LIABILITY. THIS LIBRAY AND ALL CONTENT, MATERIALS, INFORMATION,
SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE"
BASIS. YOUR USE OF THIS LIBRARY IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. WE DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT. TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF BUSINESS, REVENUE, PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA,
ELECTRONICALLY TRANSMITTED ORDERS, OR OTHER ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE) ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE Library, EVEN IF WE HAS PREVIOUSLY BEEN ADVISED OF, OR
REASONABLY COULD HAVE FORESEEN, THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, HOWEVER THEY
ARISE, WHETHER IN BREACH OF CONTRACT OR IN TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE),
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES DUE TO (a) THE USE OF OR THE INABILITY TO
USE THE LIBRARY (b) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES
RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR
MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO, THROUGH OR FROM THE LIBRARY; (
c) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE LIBRARY, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA,
MALICIOUS OR CRIMINAL BEHAVIOR, OR FALSE OR FRAUDULENT TRANSACTIONS, OR (d)
CONTENT OR INFORMATION YOU MAY DOWNLOAD, USE, MODIFY OR DISTRIBUTE. WE MAKES NO
WARRANTY THAT, (i) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR
ERROR-FREE, (ii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE
WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (iii) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES,
CONTENT, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIALS OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE
WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, (iv) ANY ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED,
OR THAT THIS Library, ITS CONTENT, AND THE SERVER ON WHICH THE Library AND
CONTENT ARE AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. ANY
MATERIAL (INCLUDING CONTENT) DOWNLOADED OR OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THIS
Library IS DONE AT YOUR OWN RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY
DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF
ANY MATERIAL. INFORMATION CREATED BY THIRD PARTIES THAT YOU MAY ACCESS ON THIS
Library OR THROUGH LINKS IS NOT APPROVED, ADOPTED OR ENDORSED BY WE AND REMAINS
THE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE THIRD PARTY.

TO THE EXTENT ANY JURISDICTION DOES NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF
DIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, PORTIONS OF THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR
EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY.
 
Privacy. See the Privacy Policy.
 
Waiver and Severability. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or
provision of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or
provision. If one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement is held
invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect by any court of competent
jurisdiction, such holding will not impair the validity, legality, or
enforceability of the remaining provisions.
 
No Third Party Beneficiary. These Terms of Use do not confer any third-party
beneficiary rights.
 
Entire Agreement. These Terms of Use supersede all previous agreements,
understandings, and arrangements between the parties, whether oral or written,
and constitutes the entire agreement between the parties regarding the subject
matter herein.

Language. These Terms of Use are in the English language only, which language
shall be controlling in all respects, and all versions of this Agreement in any
other language shall be for accommodation only and shall not be binding.

Section Headings. The section heading of these Terms of Use are for convenience
only and have no legal or contractual effect.
 
Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement.

If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes
copyright infringement, please provide the following information in writing to
us via the [issue tracker](https://github.com/terminological/roogledocs/issues):

* A physical or electronic (scanned) signature of a person authorized to act on
behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
* Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if
multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single
notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
* Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the
subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is
to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service
provider to locate the material.
* Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining
party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic
mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
* A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the
material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner,
its agent, or the law.
* A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under
penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of
the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
* Your physical or electronic (scanned) signature.
* Your name, address, and telephone number.